# KV Cache
C++ Implementation of a Key-Value cache 


## Tools and Required Software
Before the project can be used, you should check that all the necessary softwares and tools are installed.
Mandatory are the following:

        1. A compiler compatible with C++20
        2. Cmake
        3. Conan (Also vckpg can be configured but isn't tested at the moment)

C++20 is required since the following features are used in the library or in the client:
- Concepts
- Designated Initializer
- Map.contains
- Using enum construct

To do setup the environment on linux ubuntu, there are two scripts that can be used:

1. For installing conan
```Bash
scripts/conan_install.sh
```

2. For Installing the other Cpp tools
```Bash
scripts/cpp_tools_install.sh
```

This script will also install other software for static code analysis, documentation and related things. These are optional but they are strongly suggested for development since they improve code quality.
Furthermore, a clang-format file is present the root folder to have a standard formatting for the codebase.

## Build
This software uses cmake for generating the build system configuration.

In particular, starting from the root directory, the command to generate the build configuration is:
```Bash
cmake -S . -B ./build
```
Then, to actually compile the code, you can use directly cmake via the following command launched from the root directory
```Bash
cmake --build ./build
```
CMake will automatically pick the predefined compiler. On Linux systems you can change it via the "CXX" system variable.

Automatic Tests can be run from the build directly via CMake. 
```Bash
cd build
ctest -C Debug
```
This library uses the [Catch2](https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2) framework for automatic testing.

## Continuous Integration

This project uses [appveyor](https://ci.appveyor.com) for running continuous integration. After every commit, the source code is compiled and tested on the following environments:
- Linux Ubuntu 20.04 with GCC 9.3.0
- Windows Server 2022 with MSBuild VC142

## Static Code Analysis and Sanitizers

The cmake configuration supports various tools to be run automatically post build
- What You See is What You Get
- Clang-Tidy
- Cppcheck

To add them to the build process, uncomment the relative options in the root's cmake file from line 22 to 43.
These tools must be installed on the develompent system and cmake must be able to find them on the current system path.

# Library Documentation

The library supports doxygen for automatically generating code documentation.
The "doxygen-docs" target will be automatically generated by cmake if the option is uncommented in the root's cmake file on line 33.
For example, if you generate a make configuration, the command to create the documentation after the build has been completed would be
```Bash
cd build
make doxygen-docs
```
If the process is successfull, the produced documentation will be found in the following directory:
```
build/html
```